Collection arguments: add details to questions (#9303)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/collection-expression-arguments.md

If so, which method signatures are used when binding the arguments?

Options include:
1. Use the accessible constructors from well-known types in each case, for instance using the constructors from `List<T>` for `ICollection<T>` and `IList<T>`.

> 1. Use specific signatures independent of specific type, for instance using `new()` and `new(int capacity)` for `ICollection<T>` and `IList<T>` (see [*Construction*](#construction) for all interfaces).

Reviewer: i would separate this into two questions.  One for mutable collections and one for non-mutable collections.

Reviewer: For mutable interfaces i would say the options are:

1. Use the accessible constructors for the well-known type (`List<>` or `Dictionary<,>`) guaranteed to be created foe the mutable interface type.
1. Use specific signatures independent of specific type, for instance using `new()` and `new(int capacity)` for `ICollection<T>` and `IList<T>`, and `new(IEqualityComparer<> comparer)` for `IDictionary<>` (see [*Construction*](#construction) for all interfaces).  Full set of constructors TBD.

Author: Won't the same options apply for both mutable and immutable interfaces?

Reviewer: For non-mutable interfaces i would say the options are:

1. Use the accessible constructors from certain well-known types (like `List<>` or `Dictionary<,>`)
1. Use specific signatures for non-mutable interfaces.  Currently, the only requested specific is `with(IEqualityComparer<> comparer)` for `IReadOnlyDictionary<,>`.  Possibility of `with(int capacity)` to define an up front capacity when making sequences from inputs we don't know the length of, like `[with(capacity: 64), .. GetUnknownLengthItems1(), .. GetUnknownLengthItems2()]`.

Reviewer: > Won't the same options apply for both mutable and immutable interfaces?

No.  For mutable, it's not `from well-known types in each case` in an abstract sense.  It is *concretely*: the exact set from these types.

For non-mutable, it's up for debate which well known types we'd even draw from.  It's not at all clear to me that the well known types would be `List<>` or `Dictionary<>` (i personally don't think it should be).

If so, which method signatures are used when binding the arguments?

For **mutable** interface types, the options are:
1. Use the accessible constructors from the well-known type required for instantation: `List<T>` or `Dictionary<K, V>`.
1. Use signatures independent of specific type, for instance using `new()` and `new(int capacity)` for `ICollection<T>` and `IList<T>` (see [*Construction*](#construction) for potential signatures for each interface).

> For **immutable** interface types, the options are similar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For **non-mutable** interface types, the options are similar:
```

Reviewer: We use non-mutable in our interface terminology, vs immutable, to avoid confusion with things like the ImmutableXXX apis :)

> 1. Use the accessible constructors from a well-known type in each case: for instance `List<T>` or `Dictionary<K, V>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the accessible constructors from *some* well-known type in each case: for instance *perhaps* `List<T>` or `Dictionary<K, V>`.
```
